# Lists and Keys

## What does .map() return?

The `.map()` function returns a new array with each element of it is generated by a callback function on each element from the calling array.

## If I want to loop through an array and display each value in JSX, how do I do that in React?

The best way of doing that by calling map method from that array.What the map method returns is a new  array which expresses as expression and now we can put this new array inside the `{} JSX`.

## Each list item needs a unique _key___.
When we render list items we need to assigne a `key` attribute to each list item and this attribute can not be used as a property from `props` object.
## What is the purpose of a key?
By assigning a unique identity to each list item will help React to know which element has removed ,added , or changed.

# How to Use the Spread Operator (…) in JavaScript

## What is the spread operator?


The spreed operater is an operator to expands an iteratable item like array and string into seperated elements.


## List 4 things that the spread operator can do.
* Copying an array
* Concatenating or combining arrays
* Using Math functions
* Using an array as arguments
* Adding an item to a list
* Adding to state in React
* Combining objects
* Converting NodeList to an array
## Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two arrays.
```javascript
const arr1 = [1,2,3]
const arr2 = [4,5,6,7]
const arr3 = [...arr1,...arr2]
console.log(arr3) 
```
## Give an example of using the spread operator to add a new item to an array.
```javascript
let numberStore = [0, 1, 2];
let newNumber = 12;
numberStore = [...numberStore, newNumber];
```
## Give an example of using the spread operator to combine two objects into one.
```javascript
let firstObj = {name: "Ali"}
let secondObj = {status: "married"}
let third = {...firstObj, ...secondObj, live: "Amman"}
```
# How to Pass Functions Between Components


## In the video, what is the first step that the developer does to pass functions between components?

The first step is to pass functions as props to another component.
## In your own words, what does the increment function do?
It changes the state of the data that the parent will use to render its children
## How can you pass a method from a parent component into a child component?

we can pass a method from parent component  to child component as a prop.
## How does the child component invoke a method that was passed to it from a parent component?

by calling `this.props` following by the method name.when this method invoked it changes the state for the parent causing rerendering the app with new state.

## Things I want to know more about

I want to know more about spread operator and passing functions between components.


## References 
[Lists and keys](https://reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html)

[How to Use the Spread Operator (…) in JavaScript](https://medium.com/coding-at-dawn/how-to-use-the-spread-operator-in-javascript-b9e4a8b06fab)

[How to Pass Functions Between Components](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c05OL7XbwXU)